[< Back](../README.md)

## Terms and Conditions

Luk Solar Ltd maintains the Luk Solar app. The following are the terms of use that govern the use of the app ("Terms of Use"). By using the app you expressly agree to be bound by these Terms of Use and the privacy policy and to follow these Terms of Use and all applicable laws and regulations governing the use of the app. Luk Solar Ltd reserves the right to change these Terms of Use at any time, effective immediately upon posting on the Site. Please check this page periodically. We will note when there are updates to the Terms of Use at the bottom of the Terms of Use. If you violate these Terms of Use, Luk Solar Ltd may terminate your use of the app, bar you from future use, and/or take appropriate legal action against you.

LIMITED LICENSE. You are granted a limited, non-exclusive, revocable and non-transferable license to utilize and access the Site pursuant to the requirements and restrictions of these Terms of Use. Luk Solar Ltd may change, suspend, or discontinue any aspect of the Site at any time. Luk Solar Ltd may also, without notice or liability, impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to all or portions of the Site. You shall have no rights to the proprietary software and related documentation if any, provided to you in order to access the Site. Except as provided in the Terms of Use, you shall have no right to directly or indirectly, own, use, loan, sell, rent, lease, license, sublicense, assign, copy, translate, modify, adapt, improve, or create any new or derivative works from, or display, distribute, perform, or in any way exploit the Site, or any of its contents (including software) in whole or in part.

MULTI-CURRENCY CONTRIBUTIONS, the displayed currency may not be the same currency charged to the Card and printed on the Transaction Receipt and will be subject to conversion rates.

REPRESENTATIONS BY YOU. By visiting the Site, you represent, warrant and covenant that (a) you are at least 18 years old; (b) that all materials of any kind submitted by you to Luk Solar Ltd through the Site or for inclusion on the Site will not plagiarize, violate or infringe upon the rights of any third-party including trade secret, copyright, trademark, trade dress, privacy, patent, or other personal or proprietary rights. The customer using the website who are Minor /under the age of 18 shall not register as a User of the website and shall not transact on or use the website.

PERMITTED USE. You agree that you are only authorized to visit, view and to retain a copy of pages of this Site for your own personal use, that you shall not duplicate, download, publish, modify or otherwise distribute the material on this Site for any purpose other than for personal use, unless otherwise specifically authorized by Luk Solar Ltd Technologies Ltd to do so. You also agree not to deep-link to the site for any purpose, unless specifically authorized by Luk Solar Ltd Technologies Ltd to do so. The content and software on this Site is the property of Luk Solar Ltd Technologies Ltd. The cardholder must retain a copy of transaction records and Merchant policies and rules.

YOUR ACCOUNT. If you use Luk Solar Ltd Site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your account from any devices, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. The Site shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, in any way for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of, or in connection with, your failure to comply with this section.

NO COMMERCIAL USE. This Site may not be used by you for any commercial purposes such as to conduct sales of merchandise or services of any kind. You must obtain Luk Solar Ltd prior written consent to make commercial offers of any kind on the Site, whether by advertising, solicitations, links, or any other form of communication. Luk Solar Ltd will investigate and take appropriate legal action against anyone who violates this provision, including without limitation, removing the offending communication from the Site and barring such violators from use of the Site.

LINKS AND SEARCH RESULTS. The Site may automatically produce search results that reference and/or link to third party sites throughout the World Wide Web. Luk Solar Ltd has no control over these sites or the content within them. Luk Solar Ltd does not guarantee, represent or warrant that the content contained in the sites is accurate, legal and/or inoffensive. Luk Solar Ltd does not endorse the content of any third-party site, nor does it make any representation or warranty about these sites, including that they will not contain viruses or otherwise impact your computer. By using the Site to search for or link to another site, you agree and understand that you may not make any claim against Luk Solar Ltd for any damages or losses, whatsoever, resulting from your use of the Site to obtain search results or to link to another site. If you have a problem with a link from the Site, you may notify us by email.

COPYRIGHT POLICY. Luk Solar Ltd may terminate the privileges of any user who uses this Site to unlawfully transmit copyrighted material without a license, express consent, valid defense or fair use exemption to do so. If you submit information to this Site, you warrant that the information does not infringe the copyrights or other rights of third parties.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. Although Luk Solar Ltd is not responsible for the content, quality or accuracy of data provided by users, compilations of such data, text, information and other materials made available to users through the Luk Solar Ltd system. The On-line Materials are Luk Solar Ltd intellectual property, and are protected intellectual property laws. The On-line Materials may not be copied or redistributed either in whole or in part without prior written consent of Luk Solar Ltd, except as expressly and specifically permitted under these Terms of Use.

The On-line Materials are and will remain the exclusive property of Luk Solar Ltd. All rights, titles and interests in and to the On-line Materials will be and remain vested solely in Luk Solar Ltd. Under no circumstances will you have any right, directly or indirectly, to own, use, copy, loan, sell, rent, lease, license, sublicense, redistribute, assign or otherwise convey the On- line Materials, or any rights thereto, except as expressly and specifically provided in the Terms of Use. Nothing in these Terms of Use will convey to you any right, title or interest, except that of a license with the express rights and subject to all limitations herein. Nothing in these Terms of Use grants you the right, directly or indirectly, to use the On-line Materials to create a product for resale or to use the On-line Materials in any way that competes with Luk Solar Ltd.

You acknowledge and agree that Luk Solar Ltd will own all rights, titles and interests in and to any copy, translation, modification, adaptation, derivative work or improvement of the On- line Materials made by or for you. At Luk Solar Ltd request, you must execute, or obtain the execution of, any instrument that may be necessary to assign these rights, titles or interests to Luk Solar Ltd or perfect these rights, titles or interests in Luk Solar Ltd name.

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY, LIMITATION OF DAMAGES. Luk Solar Ltd MAKES NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTY OF TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR OTHER VIOLATION OF RIGHTS IN RELATION TO THE AVAILABILITY, ACCURACY, VALIDITY, RELIABILITY OR CONTENT OF THESE PAGES AND/OR THE SITE. Luk Solar Ltd ALSO DOES NOT MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY REGARDING THE ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF ANY ADVICE, OPINION, STATEMENT OR OTHER INFORMATION THAT IS SUBMITTED, DISPLAYED OR UPLOADED THROUGH THE SITE BY ANY USER. Luk Solar Ltd SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS OR FOR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SITE, EVEN IF Luk Solar Ltd HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THE LIABILITY OF Luk Solar Ltd WOULD IN SUCH CASE BE LIMITED TO THE GREATEST EXTENT OF LIABILITY PERMITTED BY LAW.

VIOLATION OF TERMS OF USE. You understand and agree that in Luk Solar Ltd sole discretion, and without prior notice, Luk Solar Ltd may terminate your access to the Site, or exercise any other remedy available and remove any unauthorized user information, if Luk Solar Ltd believes that the information you provide has violated or is inconsistent with these Terms of Use, or violates the rights of Luk Solar Ltd, or any third party, or violates the law. You agree that monetary damages may not provide a sufficient remedy to Luk Solar Ltd for violations of these Terms of Use and you consent to injunctive or other equitable relief for such violations. Luk Solar Ltd may release user information about you if required by law or subpoena.

INDEMNITY. You agree to indemnify and hold Luk Solar Ltd, its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents and other partners and employees, harmless from any loss, liability, claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of or relating to your use of the Site, including also your use of the Site to provide a link to another site or to upload content or other information to the Site, or your breach of the Terms of Use.

LICENCE GRANTED TO YOU. By providing materials to Luk Solar Ltd, including by submitting or uploading content or materials for use on the Site you represent and warrant that you or the owner of all rights to such content or materials has expressly granted Luk Solar Ltd an irrevocable world-wide right in all languages and in perpetuity to use and exploit all or any part of the content and materials provided by you. Luk Solar Ltd may publish and distribute any such submitted content or materials at its sole discretion by any method now existing or later developed. You agree that you shall waive all claims and have no recourse against Luk Solar Ltd for any alleged or actual infringement or misappropriation of any proprietary rights in any communication, content or material submitted to Luk Solar Ltd. Any communication or materials you send to Luk Solar Ltd will be treated as non- confidential and non-proprietary and may be disseminated or used by Luk Solar Ltd for any purpose, including, but not limited to, developing, creating, manufacturing or marketing products or services.

ADVERTISING. The Site may contain advertisements and/or sponsorships. The advertisers and/or sponsors that provide these advertisements and sponsorships are solely responsible for ensuring that the materials submitted for inclusion on the Site are accurate and comply with all applicable laws. Luk Solar Ltd is not responsible for the acts or omissions of any advertiser or sponsor.

SEVERABILITY. If any provision of the Terms of Use is held to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless continue in full force and effect.

[< Back](../README.md)
